'What... what are you doing?'
Kim Lip: I hear the noise of insects!
Kim Lip : Ahhhhh
(Kim Lip is scared of bugs, however, what will happen if she has a photo shoot?)
(She transforms into a professional idol!)
(She is so professional even if the camera is coming in too close!)
(She is so professional even if the sunshine is strong!!)
(She is so professional even if she faces the strong wind from a fan!)
(So, what will happen if her photo shooting is done?)
(She transforms into normal Kim Lip immediately!)
Kim Lip: There are lots of bugs and it's too hot
Kim Lip: The next member is JinSoul
Kim Lip: I have an expectation how she will do!
Kim Lip: However I've got to go because...
Kim Lip: It's too hot here. Of course I want to see...
Kim Lip: But I have to escape from here!
Kim Lip: Sorry, JinSoul!
(JinSoul is coming!)
JinSoul: Hello~
JinSoul: It's JinSoul~
JinSoul: Can you see this, the glitters?
JinSoul: This is the point.
JinSoul: I'm not sure how it would come out well in the picture
JinSoul: Anyway, I will try my best!
(Unfortunately, the glitters is not seen well, however she looks more prettier than ever!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - favOriTe"
(Is it real...? (reference to LOOΠΔ TV #177))
(Here comes another professional idol!)
JinSoul: Actually, I'm not a professional
JinSoul: Well...
JinSoul: I think...
JinSoul: I'm getting better!